# Solidity-Module-21
I created a new cryptocurrency named KaseiCoin. KaseiCoin will be a fungible token that’s ERC-20 compliant.
Here is a step-by-step guide for deploying the contract to a local blockchain using Remix, MetaMask, and Ganache:
- Set up Ganache: Ganache is a local blockchain network that you can use to test your smart contract. Start Ganache and create a new workspace.
- Connect Remix to Ganache: Open Remix in your browser and go to the Run tab. In the Environment section, select "Web3 Provider". In the Provider field, enter "http://localhost:7545", which is the default URL for a Ganache network.
- Connect MetaMask to Ganache: Open MetaMask in your browser and select the custom network with the URL "http://localhost:7545". You will see a list of test accounts generated by Ganache, each with its own private key.
- Deploy the contract: In the Remix code editor, paste the code for the KaseiCoinCrowdsaleDeployer contract. In the Run tab, click the Deploy button. MetaMask will prompt you to confirm the deployment transaction. Select an account and click the Confirm button. The contract will be deployed to the local blockchain network and its address will be displayed in the Remix logs.
- Interact with the contract: Go to the Remix JavaScript VM console and enter the following code to interact with the contract:
const deployer = await KaseiCoinCrowdsaleDeployer.deployed();
const crowdsale = await KaseiCoinCrowdsale.at(deployer.kasei_crowdsale_address);
const token = await KaseiCoin.at(deployer.kasei_token_address);
- Buy tokens: To buy tokens, you can use one of the test accounts generated by Ganache. In the Remix JavaScript VM console, enter the following code:
await crowdsale.sendTransaction({value: web3.utils.toWei('1', 'ether'), from: accounts[0]});
- Check balances: To check the balances of the test accounts, you can use the following code:
await token.balanceOf(accounts[0]);
- Review total supply and wei raised: To review the total supply of minted tokens, you can use the following code:
await token.totalSupply();
To review the amount of wei that the crowdsale raised, you can use the following code:
await crowdsale.weiRaised();
